
                               INTEL CORPORATION
                        RESTRICTED USE LICENSE AGREEMENT
                  INTEL(R) PRODUCTION FIRMWARE SUPPORT PACKAGE
                              (Intel Confidential)

IMPORTANT - READ BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING.

Do not copy, install, use or load software identified in this Agreement or any
associated materials until you have carefully read the following terms and
conditions. By copying, installing, using or loading the software identified
in this Agreement or any associated materials, you agree to the terms of this
Agreement. If you do not wish to so agree, do not copy, install, use or load
the software or any associated materials.  If you are an employee,
representative or agent of a legal entity, you represent and warrant that you
have the authority to bind that legal entity to this Agreement.

General Terms and Conditions

This agreement ("Agreement") is by and between Licensee and Intel Corporation,
a Delaware corporation, having its principal place of business at 2200 Mission
College Boulevard, Santa Clara, California 95054 ("Intel") and is effective as
of the first date Licensee copies, installs, uses or loads the software
identified in this Agreement or any associated materials ("Effective Date").

1.0	DEFINITIONS

1.1	""Authorized Manufacturer" means any company that provides design or
	manufacturing services for Licensee or a Customer.

1.2	"Customer" means Licensee's customers that manufacture or distribute
	computer systems or software for sale under their own brand name and
	specifically excludes End Users.

1.3	"Designated Product(s)" means the designated Intel hardware identified
	in Exhibit A.

1.4	"End User" means a purchaser and/or recipient or user of Licensee's
	Products who does not resell Licensee Products in the normal course of
	the End User's business.

1.5	"Licensee" means the individual accepting these terms or, if the
	individual is accepting these terms on behalf of a legal entity (such
	as a corporation, partnership, agency, etc.), "Licensee" means the
	legal entity.

1.8	"Licensed Programs" means Licensee's software programs (i) that
	include (a) the unmodified Software in binary form only, configured
	with the Supporting Programs and (b) any Software Objects, and (ii)
	that operate only in conjunction with Designated Product(s).

1.9	"Licensee Product(s)" means Licensee's computer or software product(s)
	that include the Licensed Programs as embedded components; provided
	that such Licensed Programs operate solely on a Designated Product.

1.10. 	"Open Source License" means a license that requires, as a condition of
	use, modification, or distribution, that the licensed software or
	other software incorporated into, derived from or distributed with
	such software (i) be disclosed or distributed in source code form;
	(ii) be licensed by the user to third parties for the purpose of
	making and/or distributing derivative works; or (iii) be
	redistributable at no charge.

1.11	"Software" means the current and future versions of the binary code in
	their unmodified form that are supplied to the Licensee by Intel for
	the Intel(R) Firmware Support Package ("Intel FSP"), which are binary
	code modules that perform basic Intel silicon initialization, memory
	initialization, environmental set up, and script files.

1.12	"Software Objects" means binary code modules generated from the
	Supporting Tools in their unmodified  form.

1.13	"Subsidiary (ies)" means, with respect to any legally recognizable
	entity, any entity Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control
	with the entity.  "Controlling", "Controlled by" or "Control" means
	(i) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares
	representing the right to vote for members of the directors or other
	managing officers of the entity, or (ii) for an entity which does not
	have outstanding shares, fifty percent (50%) or more of the ownership
	interest representing the right to make decisions for the entity.  An
	entity will be deemed a Subsidiary only so long as the Control exists.

1.14	"Supporting Programs" means software programs, in binary form only and
	in their unmodified form that are supplied to the Licensee by Intel
	for use in conjunction with the Software to build a system firmware
	image for the Designated Product(s).  This includes the Supporting
	Tools, microcode update files, and pre-operating system graphics
	binaries (Graphics Output Protocol [GOP] driver, Embedded Pre-OS
	Graphics [EPOG] driver, and/or video BIOS).

1.15	"Supporting Tools" means Binary Configuration Tool ("BCT"),
	Manageability Engine ("ME") kit (including ME/BIOS/gigabit Ethernet
	binaries and the Flash Image Tool ("FITC") in their unmodified form
	that are supplied to the Licensee by Intel that may be used by
	Licensee to generate Software Objects.

2.0	LICENSE RIGHTS AND CONDITIONS

2.1	LIMITED COPYRIGHT LICENSE: Subject to the terms and conditions of this
	Agreement, Intel grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive,
	revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, worldwide and royalty-
	free license under Intel's copyrights to:

	a.	Reproduce and configure the Supporting Programs and Supporting
		Tools solely for Licensee's own internal use, to design,
		develop, modify or debug Licensed Programs that operates in or
		in conjunction only with a Designated Product;  

	b.	Reproduce and distribute the Software Objects in its
		unmodified form solely for the purpose of including it in the
		Licensed Programs and for the internal design, development,
		modification and debug of the Licensed Programs that run on
		and are solely for use with a Designated Product;

	c.	Reproduce, configure and distribute the Software in its
		unmodified form solely for the purpose of including it in the
		Licensed Programs and for the internal design, development,
		modification and debug of the Licensed Programs that run on
		and are solely for use with a Designated Product;

	d.	Reproduce and distribute Licensed Programs internally, solely
		for use with the Designated Product (i) for Licensee's own use
		in developing and maintaining Licensee Products and (ii) to
		enable Licensee to distribute Licensed Programs externally in
		accordance with Sections 2.1(e)-(f) below;

	e.	Distribute Licensed Programs, as embedded components of
		Licensee's Products, externally to Licensee's Customers,
		either directly or through Licensee's usual distribution
		channels and methods, solely for use with a Designated
		Product. Licensee must distribute all Licensed Programs to
		Customers under a software license agreement containing at a
		minimum the terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit B; and

	f.	Distribute Licensed Programs externally to Authorized
		Manufacturers, solely for use and integration with the
		Designated Product, on Licensee's behalf; provided that
		Authorized Manufacturers shall have no right to further copy,
		reproduce or distribute the Licensed Programs whether through
		redistribution of the Licensee Products or otherwise.
		Licensee shall provide the names of the Authorized
		Manufacturers that are in receipt of the Licensed Programs
		upon Intel's request.  Licensee warrants that it will have
		entered into an agreement with each Authorized Manufacturer
		for the Licensed Programs with terms no less restrictive than
		Section 2.1(e) and this Agreement prior to distributing any
		Licensed Programs to such Authorized Manufacturer.  Licensee
		will cause its Customers to observe the same obligations under
		Section 2.1(e) with respect to its Authorized Manufacturers.

2.2	LICENSED PATENT CLAIMS:  Intel grants Licensee a limited, royalty
	free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, and non-transferable license
	(without the right to sublicense) under those claims of Intel's
	patents that (a) are necessary to use the license in Section 2.1(a)
	are infringed by the Software alone and not in combination with any
	other product (in its unmodified form as delivered by Intel to
	Licensee) and (b) Intel has the right to license, to make, use, sell,
	offer for sale, and import the Software solely to the minimum extent
	that is necessary for Licensee to exercise its rights under the
	copyright license granted Section 2.1; provided that this patent
	license applies solely to those portions of the Software that are
	unmodified.

2.3	ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS: The rights granted under this Agreement are
	also subject to the following limitations:

	a.	Licensee is solely responsible to its End Users and Customers
		for any update or support obligation or other liability which
		may arise from the distribution of the Licensed Programs;

	b.	Licensee will not make any statement that the Licensed
		Programs are "certified," or that performance is guaranteed,
		by Intel;

	c.	Licensee will not disassemble, reverse engineer, or decompile
		the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or
		Software Objects;

	d.	Licensee may not disclose, distribute or make commercial use
		of the Software, Supporting Programs Supporting Tools or
		Software Objects, as a stand-alone product;

	e.	Licensee will not use Intel's name or trademarks without prior
		written permission;

	f.	Licensee will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Intel and
		its suppliers from and against any claims or lawsuits,
		including attorney's fees that arise or result from Licensee's
		use, modification or distribution of the portion of the
		Licensed Programs not delivered by Intel under this Agreement
		or otherwise owned by Intel.

	g.	Except as specifically permitted in Section 2.1, above,
		Licensee is not licensed to use the Software, Supporting
		Programs, Supporting Tools or Software Objects in any other
		manner, including for Licensee's other internal or business
		use or for use in association with any other products.  Except
		as expressly permitted by this Agreement, Licensee may not
		sublicense the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools
		or Software Objects to any third party, including but not
		limited to the parent, subsidiaries or affiliates of
		Licensee.  Licensee must include all copyright notices in all
		copies of the Software and Software Objects, and will not
		deface, obscure or alter any such copyright notices. 

	h.	Third party licensor's software (e.g. - drivers, utilities,
		operating system components, etc.)  may be distributed with
		the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or
		Software Objects and will also be subject to the terms and
		conditions of any respective third party licenses, including
		Open Source Licenses, which may be supplied with such third
		party software and installation and use by Licensee will be
		subject to such third party licenses.  Licensee agrees not to
		cause any Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or
		Software Objects to be subject to any Open Source License.

2.4    	AUDIT RIGHT:  Intel reserves the right not more than once every six
	(6) months to conduct an audit of Licensee's activities upon not less
	than five (5) business days prior written notice and during Licensee's
	normal business hours to verify Licensee's compliance with the terms
	and conditions of this Agreement. If any audit discloses material non
	compliance, Licensee must reimburse Intel for the costs of such audit.

2.5	FEEDBACK:  Licensee is not obligated to provide Intel with comments or
	suggestions regarding the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting
	Tools or Software Objects received under this Agreement.  However,
	should Licensee, provide Intel with designs, comments or suggestions
	for the modification, correction, improvement or enhancement of the
	Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or Software Objects or
	Intel products which may embody the Software, Supporting Programs, 
	Supporting Tools or Software Objects (collectively, "Feedback"), then
	Licensee grants to Intel a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide,
	royalty-free license, including the right to sublicense to Intel
	licensees and customers, under Licensee's intellectual property rights
	in the Feedback, and the rights to use and disclose the Feedback in
	any manner Intel chooses and to display, perform, copy, have copied,
	make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, and otherwise dispose of
	Intel's and its sublicenses' products embodying the Feedback in any
	manner and via any media Intel chooses, but without reference to the
	source of the Feedback.  

2.6	NO OTHER LICENSES:  Other than the express licenses granted in
	Sections 2.1 and 2.2 above, no license under any Intel patent,
	copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right is
	granted or conferred upon Licensee in this Agreement or by the
	providing of the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or
	Software Objects by Intel to Licensee, either expressly, by
	implication, inducement, estoppel or otherwise, and any further
	license under such intellectual property rights must be express and in
	writing.

3.0	DISCLAIMERS

3.1	Intel and its suppliers expressly disclaim all warranties or
	conditions of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
	Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or Software Objects
	are licensed on an "as is" basis and neither Intel nor its suppliers
	will provide any support, assistance, installation, training or other
	services. There is also no implied warranty of non-infringement.

3.2	Neither Intel nor its suppliers make any representation or warranty or
	condition of any kind whether express or implied (either in fact or by
	operation of law) with respect to the Software, Supporting Programs,
	Supporting Tools or Software Objects.  Intel and its suppliers do not
	warrant that the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or
	Software Objects are error-free or that operation of the Software,
	Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or Software Objects will be
	secure or uninterrupted and hereby disclaim any and all liability on
	account thereof.  Intel and its suppliers may provide any updates,
	enhancements or extensions at their sole discretion.

3.3	Intel reserves the right to change the terms under which it licenses
	the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or Software
	Objects at any time; provided that any changes will not affect the
	Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or Software Objects
	delivered to Licensee prior to those changes.

4.0	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

	In no event will Intel or its suppliers be liable for: (a) any
	representation or warranty made to any third party by Licensee, any
	agent of Licensee or distributor; (b) failure of the Software,
	Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or Software Objects to perform
	as expected; (c) failure of the Software, Supporting Programs,
	Supporting Tools or Software Objects to be secure; or (d) any use of
	the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or Software
	Objects or the results or information obtained or decisions made by
	Licensee's use of the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools
	or Software Objects.

	Intel and its suppliers will not be liable for any direct, indirect,
	special, incidental or consequential damages of any kind arising from
	this Agreement or the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools
	or Software Objects, even if advised of the possibility of these
	damages.

5.0	PROTECTION AND SECURITY

	Licensee acknowledges that information and materials disclosed or
	provided to Licensee pursuant to this Agreement may contain Intel
	trade secrets and is the confidential information of Intel.  Licensee
	may not reveal, disclose or distribute the Software, Supporting
	Programs, Supporting Tools or Software Objects in any form, or display
	it publicly or distribute any product thereof, or use it or any
	information relating to it except for the purposes of this Agreement. 
	Licensee will not make the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting
	Tools or Software Objects available in whole or in part or in any
	form, to any person other than Licensee's employees who are designated
	to work on Licensee's development effort authorized hereunder and who
	have a specific need for access to the Software, Supporting Programs,
	Supporting Tools or Software Objects.  Licensee agrees to instruct
	these employees of his or her obligations with respect to use,
	copying, protection, and security of the Software, Supporting
	Programs, Supporting Tools or Software Objects and associated
	documentation.  This obligation of confidentiality shall not apply to
	information which is shown by contemporaneous documentation to be (i)
	rightfully available to the public other than by breach of this
	Agreement by Licensee; (ii) rightfully received by Licensee from a
	third party without breach of a duty to Intel; (iii) independently
	developed by Licensee's employees without access to the Software,
	Supporting Programs,  Supporting Tools or Software Objects; or (iv)
	rightfully known to Licensee prior to first receipt from Intel.
	Notwithstanding the earlier termination of this Agreement, the
	obligations of this section are to remain in effect until the time as
	the applicable Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or
	Software Objects becomes publicly known, through no act or failure to
	act on Licensee's or Subsidiary's part.

6.0	ASSIGNMENT, SALE OR TRANSFER

	Licensee will not assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer this
	Agreement or any right or obligation hereunder without Intel's prior
	written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld in
	the event Licensee is acquired by an entity that is not a competitor
	of Intel. Any attempt to assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer
	this Agreement without the consent required in the preceding sentence
	will be null and void.

7.0	TERMINATION

7.1	Licensee may terminate this Agreement and the licenses granted in the
	Agreement at any time upon Intel's receipt of written notice.  

7.2	Intel may terminate this Agreement and any licenses granted in the
	Agreement at any time, if Licensee fails to cure any material breach
	of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after notice of the breach.
	Such termination will not prejudice Intel's right to damages or any
	other remedy available at law or in equity.

7.3	Upon termination of this Agreement or any license granted hereunder
	for any reason whatsoever, Licensee will immediately stop using or
	accessing the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or
	Software Objects.  Licensee will immediately stop including the
	Software and Software Objects in the Licensed Programs.  Licensee
	will, at Intel's option, either return to Intel or destroy the
	original and all full or partial copies of the Software, Supporting
	Programs, Supporting Tools or Software Objects, including those
	portions in the Licensed Programs and certify to Intel that they have
	been destroyed.  However, following termination of this Agreement, the
	Licensee will have the limited right to continue to distribute the
	Software and Software Objects as incorporated in the Licensed
	Programs, pursuant to Section 2.1(e) and 2.1(f), for all Designated
	Products that have been sold to End Users as of the termination date
	("Licensee Limited Distribution Right").  Notwithstanding the
	foregoing, Intel may terminate the Licensee Limited Distribution Right
	upon written notice to Licensee, if (i) there is a claim that the
	Software, Software Objects or Licensed Programs infringes or
	misappropriates any intellectual property rights or (ii) for a breach
	of Section 2.3.      

7.4	The following sections will survive expiration or termination of this
	Agreement: sections  2.3, 2.5, 2.6, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9 and 10. 

8.0	OWNERSHIP

8.1	The Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools and Software
	Objects and all copies, and any updates provided by Intel, in whole or
	in part, are and will remain the property of Intel or its suppliers.
	Licensee understands and agrees that no license under any Intel
	patent, copyright (except as expressly described in Sections 2.1 and
	2.2, above), trade secret or other intellectual property right is
	granted or conferred upon Licensee in this Agreement or by the
	providing of the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools or
	Software Objects by Intel to Licensee hereunder, either expressly, by
	implication, inducement, estoppel or otherwise, and that any further
	license under the intellectual property rights must be express and in
	writing. 

9.0	EXPORT CONTROL

	Licensee acknowledges that the Software, Supporting Programs,
	Supporting Tools and Software Objects are subject to export controls
	under U.S. and other applicable government ("Government") laws and
	regulations.  Licensee will comply with these laws and regulations
	governing export, re-export, import, transfer, distribution, use, and
	servicing of the Software, Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools and
	Software Objects, and agree to obtain all required Government
	authorizations. Licensee will not sell or transfer the Software,
	Supporting Programs, Supporting Tools and Software Objects to any
	entity listed on a denial order published by Government, or subject to
	sanctions, without first obtaining a license or authorization. 
	Licensee will not use, sell, or transfer the Software, Supporting
	Programs, Supporting Tools and Software Objects for purposes
	prohibited by Government, including, without limitation, the
	development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear, missile,
	chemical or biological weapons, unless authorized by a specific
	license. For more details on your export obligations, please
	visit
        http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/legal/export-compliance.html

10.0	GENERAL

10.1	This is the complete and exclusive Agreement between the parties
	relating to this subject matter. No amendment will be effective unless
	in writing signed by authorized representatives of both parties.

10.3	The terms and conditions stated in the Agreement are declared to be
	severable. If any paragraph, provision, or clause in this Agreement
	will be found or be held to be invalid or unenforceable in any
	jurisdiction in which this Agreement is being performed, the remainder
	of this Agreement will be valid and enforceable and the parties will
	use good faith to negotiate a substitute, valid and enforceable
	provision which most nearly effects the parties' intent in entering
	into this Agreement.

10.4	Any claim arising under or relating to this Agreement, will be
	governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding its conflicts
	of laws provisions.  The parties agree that all disputes and
	litigation regarding the above defined claims will be subject to the
	exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware or of
	the Federal courts sitting in Delaware.

                     [END OF GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS]
							 
 
                                   EXHIBIT A
                              Designated Products

List of supported platforms with which the Software, Supporting Programs,
Supporting Tools and Software Objects may be used:

Intel(R) Atom(tm) Processor E6xx Series with Intel(R) Platform Controller Hub
EG20T (Queens Bay: Tunnel Creek / Topcliff)

Intel(R) Atom(tm) processor N2000 and D2000 series with Intel(R) NM10 Express
Chipset (formerly Cedar Trail)

Intel(R) Xeon(R), Intel(R) Core(tm), Intel(R) Pentium(R) and Intel(R)
Celeron(R) Processors with the Intel(R) 8900 Communications Chipset (Formerly
Crystal Forest: Sandy Bridge / Cave Creek, Ivy Bridge / Cave Creek, and
Haswell / Cave Creek)

3rd Generation Intel(R) Core(tm) Processors with Mobile Intel(R) QM67/HM65 or
HM76/QM77 Express Chipsets (formerly Chief River: Ivy Bridge / Panther Point)

Shark Bay:  Haswell-MB / Lynx Point

Shark Bay ULT:  Haswell-ULT

Broadwell-MB / Lynx Point or Wild Cat Point

Bay Trail SoC

Rangeley SoC

Braswell SoC

Cherry Trail - CR

Broadwell-DE

SkyLake

ApolloLake

Kaby Lake

Denverton SoC

Gemini Lake SoC

Cannon Lake/Coffee Lake


                                   EXHIBIT B
               Minimum Licensed Programs End-User Licensing Terms

Licensee will ensure that terms at least as restrictive and protective of
Intel's interests as the following minimum terms, as described below, are
included in all "End User Licenses". These minimum terms apply to distribution
of Licensed Programs in object code only.  

An End User may:

Copy the Licensed Programs and accompanying materials ("End User Software")
onto the End User's computers for End User's personal or internal business
purpose.

An End User may not:

1.	Sublicense or further distribute the End User Software, or permit
	simultaneous use of the End User Software by more than one user.

2.	Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the End User Software.

3.	Use, copy, modify, sell or transfer the End User Software except as
	provided in this Exhibit B.

4.	Remove any copyright notices from the End User Software or any copies
	thereof.

5.	Export or import the End User Software in violation of any law,
	regulation, order or other restriction of the United States government
	and its agencies, or any foreign government.

An End User will also be made aware of and agree that:

1.	Title to the End User Software and all copies thereof remain with
	Licensee or its suppliers or Intel, as applicable, and the End User
	Software is copyrighted and protected by United States and
	international copyright laws.

2.	Except as expressly provided in this Exhibit B, End User is not
	granted any express or implied right under Intel patents, copyrights,
	trademarks or trade secret information.

3.	The End User Software is provided "AS IS" without any express or
	implied warranty of any kind, including warranties of merchantability,
	noninfringement of third-party intellectual property or fitness for
	any particular purpose.

4.	Liability to End User is completely disclaimed to the extent allowed
	by law, including without limitation all direct, indirect, special,
	incidental, and consequential damages of any kind.

5.	The technical data and End User Software covered by this license is a
	"Commercial Item," as the term is defined by the FAR 2.101 (48 C.F.R.
	2.101) and is "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer
	software documentation" as specified under FAR 12.212 (48 C.F.R.
	12.212) or DFARS 227.7202 (48 C.F.R. 227.7202), as applicable. This
	commercial computer software and related documentation is provided to
	End Users for use by and on behalf of the U.S. Government, with only
	those rights as are granted to all other End Users pursuant to the
	terms and conditions of the End User License. Use for or on behalf of
	the U.S. Government is permitted only if the party acquiring or using
	this software is properly authorized by an appropriate U.S. Government
	official. This use by or for the U.S. Government clause is in lieu of,
	and supersedes, any other FAR, DFARS, or other provision that
	addresses Government rights in the computer software or documentation
	covered by this license.

6.	The End User License may be terminated at any time if the End User is
	in breach of any of its terms and conditions.  Upon termination, the
	End User must immediately destroy the End User Software or return all
	copies.





